Document the new features and improve the docs (#828)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/tabview/data-binding.md

---
title: Data Binding
page_title: .NET MAUI TabView Documentation - Data Binding
description: Learn what are the options for data binding in Telerik UI TabView for .NET MAUI control.
position: 2
slug: tabview-data-binding
---

# .NET MAUI TabView Data Binding

> For all cases where the business items are not simple strings, data-binding is necessary to correctly visualize information. The TabView for .NET MAUI component supports data binding from Telerik .NET MAUI 7.0.0 version..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all cases where the business items are not simple strings, data-binding is necessary to correctly visualize information. The TabView for .NET MAUI component supports data binding starting with Telerik .NET MAUI version 7.0.0.
```

* `ItemsSource`(`IEnumerable`)&mdash;Defines the items source from which TabView items are generated.

In a combination with the `ItemsSource`, the developer has to define the `ItemTemplate`. The `ItemTemplate` (of type `DataTemplate`) is used to specify the template for the `TabViewItem`.

## Data Binding Example

> Here is an example with TabView and Data Binding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example showing how to bind the TabView to a data source:
```
